README.md, before:

## Movierama

This is a tiny, demo application.

It is (yet another) social sharing platform where users can share their favorite
movies. Each movie has a title and a small description as well as a date that
corresponds to the date it was added to the database. In addition it holds a
reference to the user that submitted it. Users can also express their opinion
about a movie by either likes or hates.

### Getting started

#### Checking out the repository

Github has a nice link. Right there, on the right of your page!


#### Dependencies

Install Ruby 2.1.2 if necessary (if you use `rbenv`, it will yell at you if you
don't).

Run `bundler` as usual:

    $ bundle install

You will need an instance of Redis.  If you have a locally running Redis, things
should just work; otherwise change the value of `DB_URL` in `.env`.

Check that everything works by seeding the database with a few users and movies:

    $ ./bin/seed


#### Launching the app

As the application requires HTTPS, you will need a local setup that supports
that.

Follow [these instructions](http://dec0de.me/2014/10/pow-ssl/) if you usually
use Pow; otherwise:

Install `tunnelss`:

    $ gem install tunnelss

Run the SSL tunnel in a terminal:

    $ tunnelss 24676 24675

Run the application on the corresponding port:

    $ ./bin/rails server -p 24675

Then point your browser to https://127.0.0.1:24676

Enjoy!


#### Getting authentication to work

Login/signup use Omniauth with Github as a provider. If you're using Pow and the
`movierama.dev` host (recommended), you're all set.

If not, you'll need to get your own OAuth tokens from Github and edit
`.env` appropriately.



### Screenshot

So you know what to expect. This app's just a toy, remember?

![](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/spa/cbazgcyvth7jydp/-4eusn-o.png)

Commit message:

Initial commit for vote notification feature “Notify Me”, which emails a user when their submitted movie is liked/hated. Add user email scope to github auth. Update README with mailcatcher instructions for local mail testing + updated ruby version dependency as of latest bumped version in .ruby-version

README.md, after:

## Movierama

This is a tiny, demo application.

It is (yet another) social sharing platform where users can share their favorite
movies. Each movie has a title and a small description as well as a date that
corresponds to the date it was added to the database. In addition it holds a
reference to the user that submitted it. Users can also express their opinion
about a movie by either likes or hates.

### Getting started

#### Checking out the repository

Github has a nice link. Right there, on the right of your page!


#### Dependencies

Install Ruby 2.2.2 if necessary (if you use `rbenv`, it will yell at you if you
don't).

Run `bundler` as usual:

    $ bundle install

You will need an instance of Redis.  If you have a locally running Redis, things
should just work; otherwise change the value of `DB_URL` in `.env`.

Check that everything works by seeding the database with a few users and movies:

    $ ./bin/seed


#### Launching the app

As the application requires HTTPS, you will need a local setup that supports
that.

Follow [these instructions](http://dec0de.me/2014/10/pow-ssl/) if you usually
use Pow; otherwise:

Install `tunnelss`:

    $ gem install tunnelss

Run the SSL tunnel in a terminal:

    $ tunnelss 24676 24675

Run the application on the corresponding port:

    $ ./bin/rails server -p 24675

Then point your browser to https://127.0.0.1:24676

Enjoy!


#### Getting authentication to work

Login/signup use Omniauth with Github as a provider. If you're using Pow and the
`movierama.dev` host (recommended), you're all set.

If not, you'll need to get your own OAuth tokens from Github and edit
`.env` appropriately.


#### Sending mail in development

Use [Mailcatcher](http://mailcatcher.me/) to capture mail in your development environment.

Install `mailcatcher`:

    $ gem install mailcatcher

Run it:

    $ mailcatcher

You can then browse to http://localhost:1080 to see the mail interface.


### Screenshot

So you know what to expect. This app's just a toy, remember?

![](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/spa/cbazgcyvth7jydp/-4eusn-o.png)
